---
title: 2023-04-14 Status Update
created: 2023-05-25 07:53:38-07:00
modified: 2023-06-16 09:21:36-07:00
---
## Internship Program

- Check in with Julia. Shared H5P resources.
- Completed Internship learning contract

## Onboarding

- Proposed and confirmed orientation and tours with the media team (Studios, Lecture Team, Animations/Graphics, Custom Media, and Recordings Process overviews)
- Finalized New ID Onboarding Topic List
- Confirmed all ID team members had a meeting topic to cover with Raul
- Request to Laura to schedule onboarding meetings for Raul
- Reorganized and assigned the list of onboarding meetings in a new ID asana project
	- Compiled list of AD/Admin meetings for new IDs
	- Met with Danielle to determine what the Admin team takes care of
	- Grouped based on priority
	- Assigned team members to all meetings
- Built [Itinerary for Raul](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/8sx190wce3l4371nsoo9zagxd8ho3pno)
- Built [Tools Install List](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/6mn6bdbr88z8t7bchjj54r6g1ii2hed6) for Raul
- Updated [Project Tracking List](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/g3j63anqchyxo2k0f48w40ise90yziij): The list of all the tasks I have in my course development projects. (My asana template, if you will). I have set it up as a checklist so that as Cyndie meets with Raul, she can check off items when they both feel comfortable, he can do them independently.
- The [Raul Moreno ID Onboarding - Asana Project](https://app.asana.com/0/1204368224606205/1204368224606205) now has everything accounted for, and most things assigned. Once the onboarding has been completed, we can model the new template on this document because it has an updated list of meetings and includes information about what the Admin team handles.
- Meet with Cyndie to Discuss onboarding and assign AD tasks in Asana project
- Setup meetings for Cyndie and Raul on Day 1
- Setup meeting for myself and Raul on Day 1

## Accelerate Conference 

- Meet with Dana and Phil to finalize Accelerate Conference Proposal

## Other

- Edited Julie's Blog Post
- Updated [Creative Commons (CC) & Public Domain Images – Ecampus Instructional Design Knowledge Base](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/cc-image-and-graphics-collections/) with new resources
- Updates to [Slack – Ecampus Instructional Design Knowledge Base](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/slack/)
- Editing request from Nadia for a blog entry  for the Writing Center

## Feedback Taskforce

- We have 156 responses as of 2023-04-13
- Reviewed the faculty midpoint survey

This is part of a AY 23 performance goal describing participation on the Inclusive Excellence Course Design Feedback Taskforce:

> Participate and support the work of the Course Design Feedback Taskforce. The primary goal of this taskforce, aligned with Inclusive Excellence committee work, is to build more effective communication channels among the Ecampus course development team, instructors and students to improve the inclusivity of courses.

## Course Development Projects

### S23

#### NMC 280

- Sign off meeting on NMC 280 Map project
- Developed student-facing instructions for the finally delivered [NMC 280 | Global Media Map](https://web.oregonstate.education/nmc-280-global-media-map/#/). This same assignment will be used in 419 as well

### U23

#### AI 534

- Preparatory meeting with Kate
- Met with Liang, has been quite a bit of progress, not much to hand over yet, but he showed us content that made us both much more optimistic. He asked to meet in one week, and I anticipate him being ready to turn over at least 25% of his content. Maybe more.

### BHS 255

- Waiting for Linda to work on alignment. No activity this week.

### F23

#### AEC 250

- Prepped for and held AEC 250 Intake with Penelope Diebel.
- Requested media consult to discuss replacing interactives and simulations currently used in class from Cengage. Wants to move to OER, but this course and AEC 251 are highly dependent on the publisher content.
- Sent out intake discussion notes

#### CEM 471

- Made media requests

#### CS 162H

- Reviewed CS 162H and prepped for Intake. Documented some of the HC implication, issues with embeds (vocariuum) in studio sites
- Completed intake with Tim Alcon, discussed plan changes for H designation.
	- Specifications Grading, Instead of each assignment being points for individual things. Each would be pass/fail. Opportunity for revisions. Time leeway, how best to do feedback.
	- Put more emphasis on testing their own code (unit test development). Area students end up weak in. To dependent on automated tests they are given. Need to be able to evaluate themselves. May award tokens for developing unit tests that can be used to revise an assignment or turn in late.
	- Add reflections
	- Wants to include some piece of social justice component

#### CS 373

- Bran finally wrote back. My impression is that he hasn't gotten started. He gave me an idea of the media he wanted (narrated lectures). 
- Slightly concerned about a comment re: CLOs
	> As for CLO’s, I don’t get the sense that will be happening anytime soon, even if there are absolutely no other stakeholders who have any claim on the course. So I think the best option is to use my proposed CLO’s since they are a subset of the existing CLO’s. Once the course has been redeveloped, I can then teach the course a few times and then propose to adopt them since it is the current status quo. 

#### SCLM 450/550

- No activity this week

%%add LKAD tag when ready to submit%%