---
title: Status
created: 2024-04-30 12:04
modified: 2024-05-06 22:05
tags:
  - LKAD
---

# Status

## Course Development Projects

### S24

#### AEC 250

- Penny asked me to add a new graduate student to the studio site who will be the instructor of record for the Summer offering
- I did, and asked her to let me know a good time to meet and discuss any remaining tasks. She said she would, but hasn't yet.
- Next steps: remind Penny I would like to meet to review the status of her course and remaining tasks.

#### BDS 599

- Setup studio site to begin updates for next offering
- Built and deployed a midterm student survey for Andrew to get feedback.

#### CS 201

- I had previously reached out to Brian I have been through every page in [CS_201_DEV]([https://canvas.oregonstate.edu/courses/1747246](https://canvas.oregonstate.edu/courses/1747246)) and created a [file]([https://oregonstate.box.com/s/qb7lyf3ot0yg014w7p5rfy16xh3qelj3](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/qb7lyf3ot0yg014w7p5rfy16xh3qelj3)) with my feedback, and updates I made and things I see that still need to be done.
- We met to review this list. He needs to complete the following:
	- Fill out the information on the Start Here - Instructor Information & Communication page
	- Determine how he wants to set module availability (we discussed best practices)
	- Create Vocareum activities for the following weeks
		- two for week 3
		- several for week 8 that have Repl.its
		- week 9 at least two
		- week 10
	- Record demo videos for Weeks 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10
	- Create an updated Syllabus
	- Configure Gradescope and link assignments (after we move to the live site)
	- Configure Ed Discussions (after we move to the live site)
- I scheduled a follow-up meeting, by which time he thinks he can get most of this done, for Friday, May 10, 2024.

#### SOC 280

- Finished the GeoCaching Staged Assignment
	- Rubric Development
	- Project Overview
	- Three Assignments
	- Student Instructions for using Custom Media Tool
- Sent Nadia Syllabus (CoreEd course)
- Student Support
	- A few students are having trouble accessing the course Google Docs (all were trying from personal accounts despite large call out boxes to say not to do this. Getting a little weary of google involved assignments). To help,
		- I made my own version of their assignment - [BB OG SOC 280 Oral History Interview - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10GyN-fR1D0rJs8whTqMaE9b.
		- I created [a video walkthrough](https://media.oregonstate.edu/media/t/1_d44f918u) and wrote up [detailed instructions](https://canvas.oregonstate.edu/courses/1981351/pages/detailed-instructions).
		- Helped Lori respond to students to share these resources.
	- Tried to very much highlight this requirement on the [ðŸŽ¤ Interview Written Transcript (Individual)](https://canvas.oregonstate.edu/courses/1981351/assignments/9650792)

#### NSE 515

- the content is in the course. I have worked on the cleanup/update of 41 pages. There are 10-11 each week
- PDF accessibility, documents in each week's material that had accessibility issues. I did some and assigned ones where I could to a student worker.

### U24

#### CS 290

- Nauman n has completed recording 33% of the planned new lectures.
- He has completed four complete modules. I have gone through one.
- Had a meeting with Nauman. He expects to meet the content deadline, and will update me Friday, May 10.
- He is going to use the language-aware syntax highlighting tool I found and tested.

#### CS 332

- Designed Overview and Learning Materials Pages
- Scheduled next meeting, and discussed meeting with Justin's replacement (time tbd)

#### CS 372



#### MAST 201

- After researching several options I submitted a request to the [Ecampus Technology Evaluation Committee â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/ecampus-technology-evaluation-committee/). I would like students to have the option to [record desktop audio](https://support.audacityteam.org/basics/recording-desktop-audio) using [Audacity Â®](https://www.audacityteam.org/). Found [Accessibility - Audacity Manual](https://manual.audacityteam.org/man/accessibility.html) and [Privacy - Audacity Forum](https://forum.audacityteam.org/privacy) and forwarded to the Ecampus Technology Team

#### NMC 3xx

- Put together [course weekly topic outline](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/l5ert3h6vd042yuapc3o2t27p4dz2mqq) from earlier discussions
- Alina committed to getting to 40% by next meeting
- Met with media team re: custom app

### F24

#### CE 382

- Reviewed Course planning chart and worked with instructors to refine custom animation requests
- graded week 2 module planning chart

#### CEM 341

- At our last check in, Joe said he had four modules ready to go. He didn't show up for our meeting (said he meant to cancel since he hadn't made progress). The module overview templates were missing, but there were slides, assignments, quizzes, and materials we could work on.
- I met with Haley and discussed what could be done and where to start. Here's what our plan was
	- build the lab assignments
	- review the PPTs for accessibility and update them, export them to PDFs
	- modify the PPTs to 16:9 format
	- build quizzes.
- I started his syllabus

#### CS 161

- Tim has ~ 20% materials done. His next tasks are building rubrics and setting up Gradescrope autograders. Then he will work on remaining content.
- Tim asked for new banner in his CS template, designed a few prototypes riffing off of a "digital tree of knowledge" and a couple of other concepts. See [CS Banners CS 161 redev 2024](https://canvas.oregonstate.edu/courses/1981510/pages/cs-banners-delete). May be time to give the CS template a cosmetic face-lift.
- Updates to his home page
- Research on required syllabus language. Tim asked me below if this language was required in the Syllabus:

> Students in this section may be required to interact with teachers, teaching assistants, and students in other concurrent sections of this same course.
	I understand the Ecampus template has all of the Ecampus required language and OSUâ€™s. I would check and see if itâ€™s a department requirement, but itâ€™s not coming from our end. I found no reference on the [Syllabus Minimum Requirements Policy | Curriculum Management/Assessment and Accreditation | Oregon State University](https://apa.oregonstate.edu/syllabus-minimum-requirements) page. He checked with Ben Brewster, who said that the registrar required this language to merge sections. In a search of the oregonstate.edu website, it only comes up in CS course details.

#### ENGR 103

#### MAST 300

- Meeting with Jason and Lori. Discussed media project content OSU grad students have submitted to [voices search | National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration](https://voices.nmfs.noaa.gov/search?search_api_fulltext=&field_collection_name=All&field_interviewer=All&field_city=All&field_state=All&field_interviewer_s_affiliation=786&field_location=All&field_region=All&items_per_page=100).
- Met with media team members to discuss field trip videos. The want to scale back part of this shoot made sense and was an add-on. After chatting with Victor, I ran it by Lori, and she was fine.
- Submitted animation request

#### CS 561

- Met with custom media team on his two tools, team builder and reflect.
- Check-in a meeting with media on two custom projects. Finalized feature set.
- He has also asked me to setup him up with graded H5P activities. I want to discuss this further using information from the [H5P Canvas Integration â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/h5pcanvas/) page.
- Discussed project extension with Chris. 
- He was excited about his Cheetah icon
![./images/icon_cheetah.png]

## Non-Course Projects

### AA FF Workshop

- Met with Cub to identify and assign remaining tasks
- Shared the Workshop agenda at the ID meeting, prepped materials for IDs
- Designed a [Google Slides template](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BGzkJTYdib8gcaomGFRJrvNC1z_ff4XCupJtcinSW4s/edit?usp=sharing) and then built several slides and graphic assets for the [Faculty Forum Workshop](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12ZlTcwq1eas2IB_s4YV75FDacw_3DoAqoXL_BID3k9w/edit?usp=sharing)
- Developed resources to share with workshop attendees: [Big List of Generative AI Tools by Category](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FdEnE6q0SWN42zFMj_5jOleGT4ahj45zQbs7OV9OdU4/edit?usp=drive_link), [OSU AI Sites Information](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SAyOgxh9ABjHeYxoCmHiPsXD4F7Afb1DWa3JKl6tSv0/edit?usp=sharing) and the [AI Prompting Resources](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Ol7oI0oF7xnZClHXBpiBJGueyLPCt4zsmP49fI_0R0/edit?usp=sharing)

### UQATE Taskforce

- Postponed last meeting until after faculty Forum

### Faculty Communications Manual

New or updated this week:

- [Perusall Grade Syncing](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/fb74d9e87c5dfe1d102ea03587db0b0beab2275c/Perusall%20Grade%20Syncing.md)

### Internship Program

### Onboarding New IDs

- Followed up with Orientation meeting assignments that have not yet marked their meeting as done in the [onboarding project for Haley](https://app.asana.com/0/1206650020077929/1206650021988783). I know the [ID Design Library](https://app.asana.com/0/1206650020077929/1206650450650898) orientation meeting with Chris didn't take place nor did the studio tour wiht EJ. I think the others just didn't mark them as done. I have followed up to make sure and asked Chris and EJ to reschedule.
- Onboarding Debrief discussion

### QM Pre-Review

- I summarized my findings from the [GEOG 380 QM Pre-review](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GMmV3LqVL4CZggXbSzcs3do51a0fGiPw/edit#gid=1369684286). I offered to meet and to help him with the accessibility updates. I haven't yet heard back.

### Micron

- estimating ID work
