---
created: 2024-04-09 12:04
modified: 2024-04-09 15:04
---

# Status

## Course Development Projects

### S24

#### BDS 599

- Finished all of the exercise files through week 10
- Build Module 6 & 7.

#### SOC 280

- Meeting on the Geocaching project for hand-off and instructor walk-through. I need to pull this information into student-facing instructions.
- I asked academic technologies if there was a way to create a Kaltura collection of student assignment submissions for the Oral histories project.

#### NSE 515

- small updates to pages developed by Haley.
- I discussed the next steps with Camille. The course is not offered until next winter, so we need to plan to touch base closer to launch for site transfer, syllabus update, and comm policy.

### U24

#### MAST 201

- no content yet
- Lori wants to change the catalog description, shared information about the catalog year policy

#### NMC 333

- I have built Alina's Canvas studio site based on her requests. I asked her for a meeting, and we have a custom media project meeting scheduled.

### F24

#### CE 382

- local project documentation setup & intake preparation
- held intake meeting

#### CEM 341

- local project documentation setup & intake preparation
- held intake meeting
- Joe has already started making content and recording lectures

#### CS 161

- local project documentation setup & intake preparation
- held intake meeting
- areas to improve: Vocarium examples (bad student feedback on interface and lag), a few new modules and rewrite assignments

#### ENGR 103

- Discussed this course with Tim Alcon. He said that he believes it is not going to be offered until winter, and will be a one term development in the fall.

#### MAST 300

- local project documentation setup & intake preparation
- held intake meeting

## Non-Course Projects

### AA FF Workshop

- Gave ID team overview of planned workshop

### UQATE Taskforce

- Meeting prep
- Documented the courses using Reflect (Dana has used it the most) and interviewed Dana about issues she has had. Potential Case Study for project.
- The team discussed the progress of their action items, focusing on identifying the scope of testing and considering constraints.
- Elisabeth shared her first draft on scope for usability testing and the team discussed it.
- Nick and Tiana are going to discuss the scope for QA testing at a media team meeting the week of April 8 and plan to bring back input from this event.
- The team discussed implementing a rubric for evaluating functionality and ease of use, which the Ids could use to provide feedback

### Faculty Communications Manual

New or updated this week:

- [Canvas Rubric Tool Advantages](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/72f6388b143bab146ffce661f9cd8bc2d7e6b1d0/Canvas%20Rubric%20Tool%20Advantages.md)

### Micron

- collected several before/after STEM examples to share with Karen
- built Micron slides (see slides 6â€“20 from the [micron presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SsXVirhArIz1iG-L-_4ldIrDVEFXGQJRKrZAlhNzUK0/edit?usp=sharing))

#LKAD
