---

---

# Status

## Course Development Projects

### S24

#### BDS 599

- Built staged final project
- Build Modules 8, 9, 10
- Redid build notes for Andrew
- Andrew reached out and said:
> ... more than ½ of the Ecampus students have dropped the class. I’ve taught this course for 4 years and this has never happened before. I don’t know the reason but I’m concerned that I built too much material into the course for them and they didn’t have the time to invest to meet the course requirements. Let me know your thoughts on this.
- After talking with you and Katherine I wrote out several thoughts in a document we share: [BDS 599 Build Notes](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/coni9zxqb7equujtjxg8a3sf8650b4rm). We have a meeting scheduled Wednesday, April 17, 2024 to discuss his course.
#### CS 493

- Support during delivery. Nauman wanted a few changes to the weekly survey. https://oregonstate.teamdynamix.com/TDClient/1935/Portal/KB/ArticleDet?ID=127381
#### SOC 280

- Developed Activity Instructions for the Geocaching project sent to Lori for feedback
- Drafted Geocaching Student Facing instructions: https://oregonstate.box.com/s/3xw8kk9a65qcygjfl930paepq97twijf - sent to Lori and Mateo for feedback
- Built both pages into Canvas site after nudging for feedback

AEC 250, CS 201 and NSE 515 still have some clean up work before I can mark them as done, but the content is largely in place. I had to focus on BDS 599 and SOC 280 since these were already running. 
### U24

#### CS 290

- Built Module 1
- Nauman has completed modules 2, 3, 4 & 10
- Did some work trying to accomplish Syntax Highlighting he is interested in.

#### MB 302

- Doing backup for Nadia for this course. Worked with student worker to update several slide decks in two rounds, prior to Linda's recording appointment. 

#### NMC 333

- Sent out reminder to get Alina going. From Alina: 
> I just scheduled for our meeting. Today, I plan on getting some of my content into the beautiful template you made! I've been pretty sick this week and have to take six of my students to a convention in Las Vegas tomorrow, so it's a little hectic right now. But, once I'm back I plan on spending a great deal of time working on this class. I'm so excited to get it looking good and working on it. 

No activity on CS 332, CS 372, CS 464, MAST 201

### F24

#### CE 382

- After intake, I shared some examples of LaTex used in AI 534, which Liang shared in markdown files. They have found using LaTex in Canvas to be problematic. They thought this could be very helpful but then asked about the automatic numbering of equations. I researched and tested several ways of converting markdown to HTML but couldn't get the automatic numbering to work. I told them so, but did reach out to Liang in case he might share something different. 
- I was able to convert a markdown file into a pdf file with the numbering. The pdf file was also straightforward to make accessible.

#### CEM 341

- setup asana project
- submitted media requests

#### CS 161

- Discussed assignment deadlines with Tim. He shared a paper with me, [Effect of Deadlines on Student Submission Timelines and Success in a Fully-Online Self-Paced Course](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3626252.3630837), and wants to allow for late submission of assignments without any penalty. I reviewed the article and discussed it with him. Trying to balance his time, not letting students get too behind, etc. He has settled on a 2–3 resubmission period with no penalty.

#### CS 561

- Chris has not made much progress; he completed part of module 2. He sent a new development schedule based on an end-of-summer completion date
- I setup and demoed Perusall in his studio site, he is excited to use it.
- I looked into Loom, and discussed Chris' use of the tool to record video with his lecture coordinator, Noah.  Chris likes the Loom player and how it auto-generates chapters. Noah discussed unreliable auto-captions and how we only offer to caption if we host on Kaltura. They agreed that Chris would record with Loom, and share the raw mp4 with our team to edit. This won't impact the editing process.
##### CS 561 Custom Media Request Communication

See [CS 561 - U24 - Group Maker (LTI) - Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/1123253820104403/1206625503106435)

An intake for this custom project was held on February 20. On 4/11 Akira sent Chris an email on the custom project asking him to:

> ... provide the necessary content and other relevant information that will guide the web developers effectively for the development of the project

Chris said:

> I'm not sure what you mean by "necessary content and other relevant information" here. My understanding is that your team has the requirements it needs to proceed.

So I went into Asana and asked for clarification on what they needed since I was meeting with Chris and hadn't been able to attend the intake meeting. I wanted to understand why Chris pushed back and was confused, so I watched the recording. During the recording, Nick said he would come up with the profile information they sought, which is probably why it wasn't on Chris's radar. 

I'd love to review this with you during our check in, there are some things that might have improved this interaction

- making sure I can attend intake meetings, and ask to reschedule if I have a conflict
- sending out a list of agreements from the intake after the meeting was held, ensuring a shared understanding (_this is an action I can take, if it isn't something the web team wants to do_)
- being more specific in the follow-up. this was done in the follow-up to the follow-up Akira sent. and done well! can this be sent out after intake and/or in the follow up?

> For the group builder tool, we will need the categories for the abilities, attributes or skills that you would like the students to select. The application that we demonstrated during our intake meeting was built for a marketing course, so we’ll need the categories that are applicable to your CS course.
> In the screenshots attached, these are examples of the abilities and skills that the marketing course is using. I’m also providing the demo link [MRKT 499 | Group Finder](https://demo.oregonstate.education/mrkt-499-group-finder/#/) for you to step through the activity and see all of the potential questions that you can pose to the students. 
> Please let me know if you need any further clarification. I’ll set up the check-in meeting for later this month.

#### ENGR 103

- I reached out to Doshna to clarify the timeline and scope of work for ENGR 103 to ensure the salesforce information (one-term development in the Summer) matches her expectations. Tim Alcon thought it was possible that she wasn't planning to work on development until the fall.

#### MAST 300

- Clarified media requests with Lori, submitted

## Non-Course Projects

### Faculty Communications Manual

New or updated this week:

### H5P Admin

* Deployed [BA 313 - F24 - H5P - Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/1204959674312037/1207004635054905)
* Deployed [BA 312 - F24 - H5P - Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/1204959674312037/1207004424346582)

### IDKB

### Onboarding New IDs

- Orientation meeting on Adobe CC Suite with Haley

### Other

- meeting with media team members over Adobe Libraries, added them to my library

#### Micron Demo

- I was responsible for putting together examples of how content we received from customers was translated into online learning content (see slides 6–20 from the [micron presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SsXVirhArIz1iG-L-_4ldIrDVEFXGQJRKrZAlhNzUK0/edit?usp=sharing)). The feedback I received was very positive: 
		> We really appreciate the OSU’s team effort to put together a very relevant demo that included answers to the questions we submitted ahead of time. We enjoyed the before and after examples which helped us better understand the quality of the solution and the technology options we can expect. - from Micron
		> Thank you so much for impressing Micron today and thoroughly answering their questions. The deck and presentation you developed was stellar.  I’m always so impressed by the “before” and “after” CDT examples. And I especially appreciated that you pulled in content specific to semi and engineering. from Jessica DuPoint
#### MB 302

- Filling in for Nadia. Reviewed lecture slides, connected with Student worker to update them so Linda could record.

#LKAD